As the development of the society and the popularization of the Internet, the popular opinions are easily spread to a wider range and the leader will eventually be well informed about those popular opinions on the Internet. Although a leader should take the popular opinion into consideration, generally I agree that any leader who is quickly and easily influenced by shifts in popular opinion are not likely to make achievements.
First of all, it is necessary for a leader to consider and weigh different popular opinions. As the basic principle for a government is to enhance the general welfare its people and those popular opinions are proposed by people, the government, accordingly should make policies based on these opinions. This could be demonstrated in the illustration below. When the Sanxia Dam was going to be constructed, there was fierce discussion about whether it is worth establishing the Sanxia Dam. Many people expressed ideas that the construction would endanger those species including dolphins that lived in the Changjiang River, but the leaders insisted that the Sanxia Dam could be utilized to generate the electricity and prevent the flood. However, at present, the opinions are proved right that many endangered animals have been already extinct and the living environment for other animals are detrimented. From this illustration, we can conclude that the leader should take those popular opinions into consideration.
In addtion, a leader should also have a clear mind and able to foresee the benefits of its policies in the future. In other words, a leader should also have a determined mind in spite of the influence by the popular opinions. The policy of Reform and Opening-up, initiated by Deng Xiaoping, one of the greatest leaders in China, was critized by many experts and ordinary people that China would not benefit from the policy and the economy would be impaired. However, although these oppositions, Deng Xiaoping were not quickly influenced by the public opinions and he foresaw that the market economy advocated and accentuated by the Reform and Opening-up would boost the Chinese economy. Indeed, the economy of China is developing rapidly as well as its political environment and its culture, which proves the Reform and Opening-up policy to be correct.
Last but not least, the popular opinion and the leader's mind are sometimes not mutually exclusive. As an old saying goes that great minds think alike, if the leader's own will is the same with the popular opinions and they could all bring benefits to the general welfare, there is not reason for a leader to deny the policies according to the opinion and these policies are more likely to make achievements and progress.
As a conclusion, it is too aggressive to make a sweeping generalization that any leader who is quickly and easily influenced by shifts in popular opinion will make no achievements. A leader should thus make their own judgement based on the popular opinions and its own will and consider which opinion will probably enhance the general welfare of its people and should think twice before make their policies other than be quickly influenced by the popular opinion.