In modern societies, globalization and multi-polarity have been the prevailing trend of development. As every country is developing but in different directions and to diverse degrees, experts have established multiple standards to assess the strength of a nation, including gross domestic products, cultural richness and its defense power. Apparently, there is no single indicator that could be applied solely in the evaluation of a nation.

The greatness of a nation is represented by the achievements of its rulers, artists and scientists. The ruler, in most cases, determines the trend of the development of a nation. Franklin Roosevelt made the New Deal of relief, reform and recovery to save the United States in the Great Depression. Xiaoping Deng made policies of Reforming and Opening-up policies for China, which led China into the new way of revolution. It is clear to conclude that the achievements of its rulers contribute to the greatness of a nation. Besides the rulers, the artists also contribute by enrich the diversified culture of a nation, while the scientists, who made the advanced technologies to improve and renovate the lives of its residents.

In addition, the general welfare of people, who are the majority of a nation, is also an indicator of a great nation. For a country that people have to strive to survive, receive disparate education and cannot enjoy the medical treatment policies, it is difficult to evaluate that nation as a great one. People in such a nation are likely to seek opportunities to go abroad to pursue better life. It is obvious that the happiness of its people correlates with the economic, political and cultural development and environment of a nation, which reflects the great strength of that nation. 

The greatness of a nation is also represented by many other factors, such as the diversity of creatures and the balance of its ecosystem. A great nation, like Canada or the United States, pays attention and makes efforts to the protection of its environment. They not only apply advanced technology to reduce its gas emission, but also establish several wilderness areas. The well-known Yellowstone National Park is perfectly preserved and its breath-taking nature scene attracts tourists from all over the world. Some may argue that the nation should spend more on improving the living quality and welfare of its people instead of protecting the environment. But only a nation with its people not worrying about their lives and its economy fully developed could start to take the relation of human and nature into consideration and invest on the recovery and protection of the environment.

There are different standards and indicators to evaluation the greatness of a nation. Thus it is almost impossible to tell which factor dominates. As the world is developing, the general welfare of all residents in this world is believed to get improved in the future.
