1. 人类活动危机各个物种，社会应该拯救
2. 社会努力不一定成功，经济利益驱动
3. 出了拯救濒危物种，更要保护环境，不仅是社会，还是个人
(30)
In modern societies, human activities have already exceed to the degree that the nature could suffer. As a result, we are confronting water shortage, climate change, species extinction and so on. It seems reasonable that the society should make efforts to save those species that are in danger and close to extinction but the efforts are not secured to work and should not be only the responsibility of society.

The efforts to save endangered species helps maintainence of ecosystem. As the growth of economy and the development of society, more and more cities are established. In order to build apartments and houses for residents, more ground that used to be an habitat for wild animals are occupied for city constructions. Trees and other plants are cut down or removed for either the building materials or the places for new buildings. It is commonly recognized that the diversity of creatures maintains the balance of ecosystem. When there are not enough space and not suitable conditions animals and plants for survive, some species go extinct and some are still in danger. It is definitely reasonable for the society to take its responsiblity to make efforts to rescue those species.

However, the efforts that the society makes may not take substantial effects. The red-crowned crane wilderness area are established for the cranes to survive and propagate. But owing to the economy benefits, some areas are still impaired or appropriated for commercial use, resulting in the loss of wilderness area. Thus, some of the efforts are wasted and of no avail at last.

It is too selfish for human beings to save endangered species only if the potentail extinction is the result of human activities. Human beings are living in and part of the nature, the extinction is more or less ascribed to the human activities. Apart from that, it is the responsibility of not only the society but also individuals to make efforts to save endangered species. Individuals should have a notion in their mind that every action detrimental to the environemnt is jeopardizing the endangered species and breaking the balance of ecosystem.

To rescue those species and keep the balance of nature, not only the society but also every individual should make their best efforts, whether the current deteriorating environment is under the effect of human activities. When better policies and continuous effects are taken, the balance of ecosystem are sure to be back.