As the rapid development of both society and technology, people now are exploring the world in a faster pace than before. It might seems that, as we are acquiring more knowledge, things do not become more comprehensible, but more complex and mysterious. However, this statement is not the exact case and indeed, as people are gaining an increasing amount of knowledge, more truth are revealed to us.
First of all, as people are exploring knowledge of fields, people are now more conscious of their own limitedness, especially in those newly developed areas. For example, machine translation, is an interdisciplinary field combined with linguistics and computer science. There are some achievements by computer scientists, such as Google Translate, an online product that offers a translating tool between any language to us. However, many specialized argue that their position is irreplacable owing to the comparatively poor quality of machine translation and a large number of computer scientist devoted to this field also acknowledge the restraint and obstacles they have met in this area. As a result, machine translation is now in stasis and few developments have been made recently. We may conclude from this illustration that things have become more complex and rustic as people are discovering new fields of study.
However, things do become more comprehensible and accessible to us as we are gaining more knowledge. We might never realize our limitedness if we do not explore those new fields of study and as we are making progress in this fields, there will be certain things that becomes comprehensible. Before the discovery of the Theory of Relativity by Albert Eistein, nobody would align time with space and explain why the light travels at a constant speed in different systems. The establishment of the Theory of Relativity has not only solved our misgiving and problems, but also starts a new era of modern physics. It is clear to see from this example that the knowledge could explain abnormal phenomea and make things more comprehensible to people.
Last but not least, the knowledge we acquire not only help us understand the world, but also bring us benefits. Based on these newly discovered knowledge, technologies have been developed in the way to enhance the general welfare for us and facilitate our lives. The existence of Internet is such a satisfactory example. The information is rather static before the invention of Internet while the information today are flowing. An event in the United States will be broadcast to the whole world instantly and Australian people may know what happened in only five minutes. The Internet also improve interpersonal communication in that people are now chatting with their friends online even if they are thousands of kilometers away. Therefore, the acquisitions of knowledge not only deepen our understanding of the world but also improve out lives.
As a conclusion, as we are acquiring more and more knowledge, things do become comprehensible and they will eventually be used to facilitate our lives. Although people might realize their limitedness as more truth are revealed, there is nothing that can stop people from exploring this world.